Sprint 1
  Thursday, October 15
    The group had our first meeting with our project partner.
    We were shown videos of the model factory and workers performing tasks.

  Tuesday October 20
    We had our weekly meeting with our project partner along with a grad student
    who has been working on the project (Linkon).
    We had our first weekly meeting with our TA. It was recommended that we create
    times for 2 standup meetings and a longer timeframe allotted for coding and working
    on the project.
    During our first standup meeting, we came up with another time for a second standup
    as well as the longer meeting time. We discussed what was needed to be done in order
    to complete Milestone 2, but at this point we had not received any of the Unity
    code from our project partner. We created a github as well as a jira.

  Friday October 23
    We still did not have the code from our project partner, but we continued to
    familiarize ourselves with Unity.

  Tuesday October 27
    We received the unity code from Linkon.
    During our standup meeting, we divided the work on Milestone 2 between the group.

  Friday October 30
    We finished and submitted Milestone 2

  Tuesday November 3
    During standup meeting it was decided that Nathaniel would contact Linkon in
    order to get one of the VR headsets for use by the group. All members were continuing
    familiarizing themselves with the project and Unity.

  Thursday November 5
    Nathaniel got the HTC Vive Pro Eye from Linkon

  Tuesday November 10
    Nathan revealed during the TA meeting that Nathaniel's intended solution to making
    the VR headset work with his laptop would not work.
    Linkon informed us during our meeting that Joseph wanted us to create the worker models.
    During our standup meeting it was decided that Zach would have to come and get the
    headset from Nathaniel to try and get it to work on his desktop. Jason and Nathaniel
    would work on a Powerpoint for a potential presentation on Friday. Zach is going to work
    on creating a moveable worker that holds a tool in order to demo on Friday. Nathaniel
    is going to create the sprint backlog.
